This desk comes with a 3 year warranty. WARRANTY, RETURNS, AND REPLACEMENTS
If you have any questions or concerns please contact us before placing your order. Please note, the warranty period for items varies by product category. Warranty is applicable to items purchased through VIVO or a registered VIVO vendor selling through an affiliated third-party marketplace. Warranty includes product defects and does not include damages resulted from user error. Things that void a warranty and further business with VIVO include physical abuse of the item, improper use, permanent alterations, failure to return all pieces/parts, returns resulting in product damages due to insufficient packaging or swearing/threatening customer support.

Please Note: Failure to report items that arrive damaged within 30 days of receipt may result in denial of reimbursement. Failure to report a missing item within 30 days of the delivery date will limit our ability to file a claim or locate the package and may result in a denial of reimbursement.

Any product being returned to us must have an RMA number included. Failure to include RMA number may result in delayed processing. Refunds or replacements may take up to 3-5 business days from receipt to be processed. Return shipping charges on items that are ordered in error or no longer needed are non-refundable. VIVO is not responsible for providing box(es) or packing materials for any return shipments. Items returned damaged due to insufficient packaging will not be processed. Any product utilized in food processing must be thoroughly cleaned prior to return.

LIMITED LIABILITY
In no event shall VIVO or its owner, subsidiaries, affiliates, or suppliers be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the products or these terms and conditions (however arising, including negligence), including lost profits, whether or not the possibility of such damages was, or could have been, known. The liability of VIVO and its owner, subsidiaries, affiliates, and suppliers, and the respective employees, to you or any third parties in any circumstance, is limited to the amount paid by you for the product purchased hereunder. By bidding on this item, you agree to these terms and conditions. Buyer agrees that any and all sales of merchandise offered through VIVO constitutes a sale under applicable Illinois law with jurisdiction and venue solely and exclusively in Woodford County, Illinois.
